The problem with my girlfriend 
------------------------------
she and me have been love for 200 day , she alway make me feel bad when she say to me or write the 
massage , so i tried to keep the love . And she never understand about me she just win with me , therefore 
i don't want to say anthing before she said .for along of time i have give the kiss to her 


free time on sunday
every sunday in the morning from 7AM to 5AM i am in home And i learn about Code and research in Internet .
there are learn HTML CSS PHP JQUERY SQL BOOSTRAP , React JS , Obviously I am a Web developer so I should learn them 
if i not learn therefore my life gone to PoorLife ;

phone
in the world alot of the country try to  make the new technoly for people , nowaday you have know about technology such as
phone motobike car desktop ,yes it is make for people  if you say about phone it is very important why i say that 
becuase Inside the phone it have alot of imformation if you want you just click on app phone CHROME( the information on it ) 
just research on it what you want it will me repon back to you . 

the interview 
Yesterday i was interviwing at GIANTFOCUS at 12:10PM . there are 2Member to ask me about carreer such as what i do when i free time ? , 
do i like football becuase the company has Team football for clear stress after work hard , also have anyquestion . 
i think the company GIANTFOCUS have 10Member also have Girl too . after i have interview already i was see my friend while he is research about website and he write context on website
.AND i think this company don't have security for Motor , while i am interview they have say if you i pass they will be contact me before 3day otherwish if 3day i don't have get information 
he recommend apply cv to other company . but recently i have just smile to them . And then we was finish of interview . i also go out and wear shoes go home .

the day in ifinance 
last day ago i wanna say about behavior at ifinance, I have been working at ifinace for 65day , the build is to big and it have 12floor
with other company , And i work at Floor M including with all operation such as HR Team IT ifinance Underwriting team
collector and also CEO HOO . the company have 10Room with other kind of oparation Example Room IT Team has IT Support Manager IT and Full-stack developer 
they are friendly so much if you have the proplem they can tell about the resolve and guilder to success with major . as what they know about me . for about mywork with ifinance almust
do all everything if the operation have the problem as Printer System device network and sometime i do with program such VueJS . the manager was share the project about vuejs to learn it 
while i free time . and i have checking with the project vuejs see and i run the project . now we should turn back with first step when i gone the office . first
i go to check the server room to check the status of device such as red green yellow  the meaning of red is problem , Green is okay device work nomal And yellow 
is near of the problem but it still work . and after check the server room already go to the room TEAM IT and open the Laptop and Desktop and then we focus on system and Support them . 

myself
Hello guy I am ly leang seng . I am 22year old today i am living with myfamily . i have 4sibling there are 3boys and one girl . they are so
 cute i love my sister so much becuase she is one of girl in myfamily so we are love her so much . My mother'name CHHOY
 KIM OUN and myfather'name KORN BUN LY . they are work factury . they have salary between 200$ to 400$ . And they are working so hard for about me i study at
 RUPP (ROYAL UNIVERSITY PHUM MENT PHNOM PENH) i study at 4year of IT .for about my work nowaday i am working at IFINANCE kind of IT my salary 100$ per/month . Also i get more from mygirlfriend 75$ she give me for buy Laptop .
she love me so much And give me everything if i need but Now she have headache . Ok now come back to yesterday what was i do in Ifinance . obviously mywork are not the same problem it alway new problem 
make me find the resolve the problem . sometime i can't resolve the problem so i going to asking bong samanang becuase he spentime with their work so long we can say he is expert with his career. 
all problem he can resolve it so fastly . And Yesterday bong samang and Me went to Branch Phnom Penh to fix The Camaras make it to look cool don't let it have wire . 


The sport of Kdan pi 
The last at 29.10.2022 I to go kdan 2 to find myself of feel for better from study there are alot problem in myself so i should go to there it can make me better . when i got there in kdan 2 
i want to join team foodball but they have team already to play And me also alone so i can play foodball with them And then i still not play so i walk around at kdan 2 i was spend alot of time on there 
such as sit on the grass , Walk around And Sit on the motor ,come back while i got here i was meeting with a brother he is Study in Belti at Year 3 with Teach The English . So we speak to each other about 
ourself about Study . and me  i think this time for asking about the Study English how to improve English good better to him . So he replied we should to know about vocabulary And when we talk to anyone we don't focus on The Grammar but
we focus on the People can be understand what we say and what we want to say . for about Writing English we focus on Grammar if you don't know the Grammar . it will be make the sentence wrong so The other people don't understand what do we want of Paragrah .
after we speak for along time i decided to Leave from him to other place and we say good bye each other . And then i go to other place And still find the people want to play football but obviously don't have . also i still alone 
In addition , I waitting for someone want to play football but not work . And then i think i should to Other place also Gym . subdenly i see old myfriend in RUPP his name Rith and he and me know each other from Year 1
we have asking about work an study also we walk a sport for 2around for along time we heave leave each other he go to eat sweet near from the sport . and me go back to Motor bike while i go to take motor i have like a girl . 
but she is leaving from there and she go . while i she go i don't have anything to say up to time . And then i decided go to home but recently i meet with myfriends at RUPP year 4 
they are friendly so much also i have know Sing and other i don't know thier name and we play kick And all together count the Kick with leg if after i played kick also i don't have energy 
becuase i spend the energy with the kick And then i am relax with a moment . so recently i talk to a girl and say the her are you tired and then she says i am not tired . so i have asking to her alot of about study .
so now i detail about her for you . she is name Yury . she study at Rupp in Year3 and she study with Teacher English . after for along time i go home 

using grammar futer perfect 
this grammar to describe about the action in the future before other action 

i will have watching youtube before i don't understand about grammar .
i will have read book already before she come my room .
i will Gone to Kompong cham before she arrive my home
she will have gone to Movie When her friend arrive 
I will have sleeped already And mymom called me and ask about payment of Rupp
will she have sleep before her call to her ?
she will not have sleeped before her mom call .
he will have play football finish when his girlfirned arrive .
i will have know about C++ before i watching youtube about C++ 
will i have know about C++ ?
i will not have know about C++.

 
